A man lives on the twelfth floor of an apartment building. Every morning he takes the elevator down to the lobby and leaves the building. In the evening, he gets into the elevator, and, if there is someone else in the elevator -- or if it was raining that day -- he goes back to his floor directly. Otherwise, he goes to the tenth floor and walks up two flights of stairs to his apartment.@The man is a midget. He can't reach the upper elevator buttons, but he can ask people to push them for him. He can also push them with his umbrella.
In the middle of the ocean is a yacht. Several corpses are floating in the water nearby.@A group of people were on an ocean voyage in a yacht. One day, they decided to go swimming -- they put on their swimsuits and dove off the side. They discovered belatedly that they have forgotten to put a ladder down the side of the yacht and were unable to climb back in, so they drowned.
A man walks into a bar and asks the barman for a glass of water. The barman pulls out a gun and points it at the man. The man says 'Thank you' and walks out.  @The man had hiccups. The barman recognized this from his speech and drew the gun in order to give him a shock. It worked and cured the hiccups - so the man no longer needed the water.  
Not far from Madrid, there is a large wooden barn. The barn is completely empty except for a dead man hanging from the middle of the central rafter. There is a puddle of water under the man. The rope around his neck is ten feet long and his feet are three feet off the ground. The nearest wall is 20 feet away from the man. It is not possible to climb up the walls or along the rafters. The man hanged himself. How did he do it?  @He climbed on a block of ice which has since melted.  
A man is lying dead in a field. Next to him there is an unopened package. As he approached the center of the field he knew he was going to die. There is no other creature in the field. How did he die?  @The man had jumped from a plane but his parachute had failed to open. It is the unopened package.  
Five pieces of coal, a carrot and a scarf are lying on the lawn. Nobody put them on the lawn but there is a perfectly logical reason why they should be there. What is it?  @They were used by children who made a snowman. The snow has now melted.  
A woman had two sons who were born on the same hour of the same day of the same year. But they were not twins. How could this be so?  @They were two of a set of triplets (or quadruplets etc.)  
A man rode into town on Friday. He stayed for three nights and then left on Friday. How come?  @The man's horse was called Friday.  
Why is it better to have round manhole covers than square ones?  @A square manhole cover can be turned and dropped down the diagonal of the manhole. A round manhole cannot be dropped down the manhole. So for safety and practicality, all manhole covers should be round. 
A man went to a party and drank some of the punch. He then left early. Everyone else at the party who drank the punch subsequently died of poisoning. Why did the man not die?@The poison in the punch came from the ice cubes. When the man drank the punch the ice was fully frozen. Gradually it melted, poisoning the punch.  
A man was walking downstairs in a hospital when the lights suddenly went out.  He realized that his wife had just died. How?  @He had just visited his wife who was on life support in the hospital.  The lights went out because of a power failure.
A blind beggar had a brother who died. What relation was the blind beggar to the brother who died? (Brother is not the answer). @The blind beggar was the sister of her brother who died.
One day Mary celebrated her birthday. Two days later her older twin brother, John, celebrated his birthday. How did this happen?@The mother of the twins was travelling by boat across the Pacific Ocean at the time she went into labor.  The older twin, John, was born first early on March 1st. The boat then crossed the International Date line and Mary, the younger twin, was born on February the 28th. In a leap year the younger twin celebrates her birthday two days before her older brother.
Deep in the forest was found the body of a man who was wearing only swimming trunks, snorkel and facemask. The nearest lake was 8 miles away and the sea was 100 miles away. How had he died? @During a forest fire, a fire-fighting plane had scooped up some water from the lake to drop on the fire. The plane had accidentally picked up the unfortunate swimmer.
The man who sold it did not want it.  The man who bought it did not need it.  The man who used it did not know it.  What is it?@A coffin.
There were two Japanese waiting at the entrance to the Louvre in Paris. One of them was the father of the other one's son. How could this be so?@They were husband and wife.
A mall developer wanted to construct an the largest mall in the United States. He received bids from 47 builders, who each presented their qualifications and claimed to be the best builder for the job. How did the developer chose between them?@He asked each builder to nominate an alternate in case he could not take up the contract. He gave the contract to the builder most nominated as backup.
Two grandmasters played five games of chess. Each won the same number of games and lost the same number of games. There were no draws in any of the games.@They were not playing each other, but were instead playing two other people. 
Three women dressed in suimsuits were standing together. Two were sad and one was happy. But the sad women were both smiling and the happy one was crying@The three women were the winners of an Olymplic swimming contest. The winner of the golden medal was happy and crying from hapiness, while the others were sad but smiling from having won the silver and bronze medals.
A man ate some food that was not poisoned, yet nevertheless caused him to die.@It was a piece of beef which lodged in his throat and choked him.
A private jet carrying seven executives, their wives, and a number aides, crashed at the exact point of the junction of the borders of Switzerland, France, and Italy.  Where were the survivors buried?@You don't bury survivors.
Phil is a stockbroker who is also a fitness maniac.  He takes a long run around Central Park in Manhattan every Sunday for 95 minutes after first doing some investment research to present on Monday mornings.  After a year at his new job, his boss invited him for a party on a Saturday night which went quite late.  The next morning, Phil got up late, skipped the research, and ran for 1 hour and 35 minutes.  What happened on his run?@Nothing happened:  95 minutes is the same as 1 hour and 35 minutes.
Mike stays awake night after night without getting any sleep at all, but doesn?t feel tired.  Why isn't he tired?@He sleeps days and works nights.
Which is more comforable for a bath, a tub of water at 20 degrees Farenheit or a tub of water at 20 degrees Centigrade?@The tub at 20 degrees Centigrade, because that is above freezing while 20 degrees Farenheit is below freezing (and probably solid).
The tides at the Bay of Fundy move extremely fast.  If you are lazily fishing from a boat in the Bay with a bamboo pole having a line 31 feet long with a sinker and hook (with bait) at the end, how far under water will the bait be after three hours if you start with the bait 17 feet under water and the tide is rising at the rate of 2.5 feet per hour?@Since the boat will rise with the tide, the bait will still be 17 feet under water after three hours.
What weighs almost nothing, yet the strongest man cannot hold it for long?@His breath.
Ivan the secret agent is walking down an old back street in Vienna dressed entirely in black:  black shoes, black socks, black pants, black pants, black jacket, black gloves, and black ski mask.  Morever, the street lights are out.  Suddenly, a jet black Mercedes whirls around the corner, speeds at Ivan, and screeches to a stop right in front of him.  How did the driver of the Mercedes manage to see Ivan?@It was daylight.
Tom and his young son Michael were crossing the street when they were struck by a hit-and-run driver.  Tom was killed, but Michael was still alive, and was rushed to the hospital in an ambulance where a skilled surgeon was waiting.  When the attendents wheeled Michael into to delivery room, the surgeon moaned and said:  "I can?t operate on this boy, he is my son."  How can this be?@The surgeon was Michael's mother.
Three men were separated from the main party on an expedition to Antartica in late autumn, and are in desperate straits.  With a freezing night ahead, they were down to their last match. They have a small gas primus stove, an oil lamp and a stove full of wood.  Which should they light first in order to survive the freezing night?@The match.
What is taller than the hightest mountain, shorter than a mouse, heavier than the Empire State Building, and lighter than a baloon?@Nothing.
Two sons and two fathers attended a soccer game, yet they only bought three seats.  How did they do that?@The were a grandfather, his son, and his grandson.
Bill and Mark were playing golf when a sudden storm came up.  They ran for the clubhouse, but the downpour caught them before they got there.  Since it had been a nice summer day when they started, they didn' have any hats, coats, umbrellas, or anything else to protect themselves from the rain.  Bill's hair was absolutely dripping when they got to the clubhouse, but Mark didn't get his hair wet at all.  How come?  @Mark was bald.
George married two women the same day in the same town, yet no one did anything about it.  How did he get away with it?@George was a minister who married two couples one right after the other.
A dead man is wearing a suit and one glove.  How did he die?@He is an astronaut on a spacewalk.  When he lost his other glove, he was exposed to the vacuum of space, and died.
A man dies of thirst in his own home.  How did it happen?@His home was a houseboat which stuck on a reef in the middle of the Pacific Ocean.
Two men are in a cabin in the mountains.  Both are dead.  Why?@Their bodies lie in the cabin of a plane which crashed into the mountains.
A hunter aims his gun a his prey and fires.  Although he kills his target instantly with a single shot and there are no other creatures nearby, he is dead moments later.  How did it happen?@The hunter is high in a snowy mountain range in winter.  The of the shot from his rifle triggers an avalance that kills him.
An off-duty New York City detective was walking by a house when he heard someone cry "Don't shoot me, Bill, Don't shoot!"   There was a gunshot, and the detective ran into the house where he saw a lawyer, a priest, and an engineer gathered around a dead body.  The detective immediately arrested the the priest for the murder.  How did he know?@The priest was the only male of the three, and so was the only one likely to have been called Bill.
A husband and wife are in their car, and the husband is driving at high speed.  Suddenly he stops and gets out of the car.  When he comes back to the car, there is another person in the car.  Both husband and wife are delighted.  Why?@The wife is in labour and the husband is try to get her to the hospital.  When he realizes they won't make it in time, he stops the car and runs to call an ambulance.  While he is calling, his wife gives birth to a healthy baby.
A man is sitting a small room when a woman enters carrying a closed cardboard box and sits down nearby.  The the man can't see, hear, or smell the box's contents, he quickly knows what's inside the box.@The man is allergic to cans, and can feel the allergy symptoms starting, so he knows the box contains a cat.
A healthy young man rushes to get dressed to go out, lies down, and dies.  What happened?@He is getting dressed to go out in Mexico City, and fails to check his shoes, which he puts on last. There is a scorpion in his shoe which stings him, the man lies down, and dies from the poison.
A woman shoots her husband. Then she holds him under water for over 5 minutes. Finally, she hangs him. But 5 minutes later they both go out together and enjoy a wonderful dinner together. How can this be?  @The woman was a photographer. She shot a picture of her husband, developed it, and hung it up to dry.
You have a square metal bucket and a round plastic bucket, each filled with water How could you put all of this water into a barrel, without using the jugs or any dividers, and still tell which water came from which jug?  @Freeze them both first.  Then you can put both frozen chunks in the barrel and still know which came from which bucket.
A Roman political dissident is condemned to death. He has to choose between three rooms. The first is full of raging fires, the second is full of assassins with razor-sharp swords, and the third is full of lions that haven't eaten in 3 years. Which room is safest for him?  @The third. Lions that haven't eaten in three years are dead.
What is black when you buy it, red when you use it, and gray when you throw it away?@Charcoal.
Can you name three consecutive days without using the words Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday? (or day names in any other language) @Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow.
This is an unusual paragraph. How quickly you can find out what is so unusual about it? It looks so plain you would think nothing was wrong with it. In fact, nothing is wrong with it! It is unusual though. Study it, and think about it, but you still may not find anything odd.  But if you work at it a bit, you might find out.@The letter "e", which is the most common letter in the English language, does not appear once in that moderately long paragraph.
What is round as a dishpan and no matter the size, all the water in the ocean can't fill it up?@A sieve.
The more you of them you take, the more you leave behind. What are they?@Footsteps
Poke your fingers in my eyes and I will open wide my jaws. Linen cloth, quills, or paper, I am greedy and devour them all. Who am I?@A pair of scissors
I am the beginning of sorrow, and the end of sickness. You cannot express happiness without me, yet I am in the midst of crosses. I am always in risk, yet never in danger. You may find me in the sun, but I am never seen out of darkness.  @The letter "S".
What has four fingers and one thumb, but is not alive?@A glove.
What's full of holes but still holds water?@A sponge.
What happens when you throw a granite rock into the Great Salt Lake in Utah?@It sinks.
Where do you find roads without vehicles, forests without trees, and cities without houses?@On a map.
In Pompeii, archeologists excavated a one story house that is entirely blue inside. The floor was blue, the oil lamps were blue,the walls were blue, everything was blue. So what color were the interior stairs?@Since it is a one-story house, so there are no stairs.
What word reads the same both backwards and upside down?@SWIMS.
If an electric train is going east at 60 miles an hour and there is a strong north-westerly wind, which way does the smoke from the train drift.@Electric trains don't produce smoke.
This thing devours all: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers.  Gnaws iron, bites steel, Grinds hard stones to meal, Slays kings, ruins towns, And beats high mountains down What is it?  (J. R. R. Tolkein)@Time.
Two mothers and two daughters go to a pet store and buy three cats. Each female gets her own cat. How is this possible?@There is a grandmother, her daughter, and her granddaughter.
What can you sit on, sleep on, and brush your teeth with?@A chair, a bed, and a toothbrush.
If one child has 6 2/3 sand piles and another has 3 1/3, and they combine them, how many sand piles do they have?@One: When combined, the piles make just 1 sandpile.
A horse is tied to a 20 foot long rope. The horse wants to get some water that is 30 feet away. The horse gets the water easily. How is this?  @The other end of the rope isn't tied to anything.
What's better than the best thing, and worst than the worst thing?@Nothing
In what year did Christmas Day and New Year's Eve fall in the same year?@It happens every year.
If you were standing directly on Antarctica's South Pole facing north, which direction would you travel if you took one step backward?@North -- all directions from the South Pole are north.
How much dirt is in a hole 4 feet deep, 3 feet long and 2 feet wide?@There is no dirt in a hole.
A classic riddle: As I was going to St. Ives, I met a man with seven wives, the seven wives had seven sacks, the seven sacks had seven cats, the seven cats had seven kittens; kittens, cats, sacks and wives, how many were going to St. Ives?@One. It doesn't say that the people he met along the way were going to St. Ives.
Jack and Jill were found gasping for breath, lying in a puddle of water with broken glass all around. What happened?@They were goldfish and their bowl had been knocked over.
A woman is lying dead in a room.  There is a large pile of gold and jewels on the floor, a chandelier attached to the ceiling, and a large open window.@The room is the ballroom of an ocean liner which sank some time ago.  The woman ran out of air while diving in the wreck.
A woman drove home with a bag of groceries, collected the mail, and walked into the house.  On the way to the kitchen, she went through the living room and looked at her husband, who had died of cancer.  She then continued to the kitchen, put away the groceries, and made dinner. @Her husband died of cancer years ago. He was cremated and his wife looks at his ashes in an urn on the mantelpiece.
There is a sudden flash of light, a roar, and a man dies. @The man is a lion-tamer, posing for a photo with his lions.  The lions react badly to the flash of the camera, and the man is temporaritly blinded by the flash, so he gets mauled.
A woman buys a new pair of shoes, goes to work, and dies. @The woman is the assistant to a circus knife-thrower.  The new shoes have higher heels than she normally wears, so that the thrower misjudges his aim and one of his knives kills her during the show.
A man is sitting in bed.  He makes a phone call, saying nothing, and then goes to sleep.@He is in a hotel, and is unable to sleep because the man in the adjacent room is snoring.  He calls the room next door The snorer wakes up, answers the phone.  The first man hangs up without saying anything and goes to sleep before the snorer gets back to sleep and starts snoring again.
Joe leaves his house, wearing a mask and carrying an empty sack.  An hour later he returns.  The sack is now full.  He goes into a room and turns out the lights.@Joe is a kid who goes trick-or-treating for Halloween.
An ordinary American citizen, with no passport, visits over thirty foreign countries in one day.  He is welcomed in each country, and leaves each one of his own accord.  @He is a mail courier who delivers packages to the different foreign embassies in Washington, D.C.  The land of an embassy belongs to the country of the embassy, not to the United States.
A woman grabbed a man's ring, pulled on it, and dropped it, thereby saving his life.@They were skydiving.  He broke his arm as he jumped from the plane by hitting it on the plane door; he couldn't reach his ripcord with his other arm.  She steered close to him, grabbed his ripcord ring, and pulled the ripcord for him.
A married couple goes to a movie.  During the movie the husband strangles the wife.  He is able to get her body home without attracting attention.  @The movie is at a drive-in theatre.
A man is doing his job when his suit tears.  Fifteen minutes later, he's dead.@The man is an astronaut out on a space walk.
A horse jumps over a tower and lands on a man, who disappears. @It happens during a chess game, when a knight takes pawn.
A man pushes a car up to a hotel and tells the owner he's bankrupt.@The man is playing a game of Monopoly, and he has just landed on Boardwalk with a hotel on it.
